Aws Security best practices:
------------------------------
point-1
-----
When you add subnets to your VPC to host your application, create them in multiple Availability Zones. 
An Availability Zone is one or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity in an AWS Region. 
Using multiple Availability Zones makes your production applications highly available, fault tolerant, and scalable. 
For more information, see Amazon VPC on AWS.

point-2:
Use security groups to control traffic to EC2 instances in your subnets. For more information, see Security groups.
Point-3:
Use network ACLs to control inbound and outbound traffic at the subnet level. For more information, see Control traffic to subnets using network ACLs.
Point-4:
Manage access to AWS resources in your VPC using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) identity federation, users, and roles.
 For more information, see Identity and access management for Amazon VPC.
point-5:
Use VPC Flow Logs to monitor the IP traffic going to and from a VPC, subnet, or network interface. For more information, see VPC Flow Logs.
Point-6:
Use Network Access Analyzer to identify unintended network access to resources in our VPCs.For more information, see the Network Access Analyzer Guide.
point-7:
Use AWS Network Firewall to monitor and protect your VPC by filtering inbound and outbound traffic. For more information, see the AWS Network Firewall Guide.


In-Short:
  Create on project based VPC    ( VPC )
  Create subnet with mutliavailbality zones  ( VPC ) 
  Create SG (security group) for each instance.  ( VPC )
  Create NACL ( network access control list ) to associated with each subnet level. ( VPC )
  Create IAM user , group,Policies, Role .  ( IAM )
  Create IAM user with MFA authonitication.  ( IAM )
  Create VPC flow logs and monitoring the IP traffic to and from a VPC. ( 
  Use Network Access Analyzer to identify unintended network access to resources in our VPCs.
  Use AWS Network Firewall to monitor and protect your VPC by filtering inbound and outbound traffic.
  

Make use of IAM user and group & Role & Policies


IAM user use the MFA authonitication 


Amazon Cognito
--------------
Amazon Cognito is used for user authentication and management with the help of secured backend API.
